when we first started 10 years ago
technology seem to have sold pretty much
all autocad had tools for every problem
would imagine so hand drawings were
already dinosaurs for us then we saw a
lot of versions can go even faster than
what we could learn new features that
year early the game we realized that was
not going to be enough the very first 3d
parametric systems and software's came
into play and we saw the very first
embryo payment technologies even though
we didn't know it at the time evolution
is a gradual process but we all know
that from time to time there is a script
step and squid jump that changes the
status quo vinsolutions not not rabbit
not Bentley not ArchiCAD any other tools
specifically but vm as a concept of
grabbing building information and
developing a database model is a
discrete jump in a certain one not just
another fashion that will forget about
the next column season
hello my name is Malvina manuel and i am
the CEO of carbs bilbo today i'm here to
introduce you to lightbox the business
that can make your vision come true we
have done a lot of things we have done
animations films and advertising
we have done a lot of renderings for
architecture aviation promoting and for
automobile we have done it interactive
tool lightbox not a homo solo para in
company commenced on travelers in the
name of fluency crs y compartir nose
revision local minima reimagining Sunita
Divya para sayo idea an idea who the
second form of only keepo dallas you
noticed is in the audience he promised
what makes us different from others que
no vamos it and we to my skis I will not
so hard and ossified show we have even
developed a new tool called see box that
can help you seduce your clients with
their own design
we have also been in AAA shows mb
double-a ebays you like meetings within
a love architect to that I'm wanna Cyrus
and many other shows but really none of
that matters because that we have
already done what matters to us is what
we can do next for you so if you want to
make a difference try something
you